Deal with your big breath
Even the Thunder God of War dares to scold
Nine lives won't save you.
Lord War God
I request the immediate execution of this man
Rude swordsmanship
Daring to be so presumptuous with the Temple of God all these years
Are you the first?
Good night god of war
I'm going to use a trial order against this person
For this inconceivable
Arrogant thieves
I firmly agree to a trial order against him
The power of judgment in one of the God-given shooting orders
This thing
At least two fighters must join forces to activate
So that each phoenix can make the gods initiate the judgment decree
The only ones who are not the worst
You're dead
That being the case
Tenjin Temple generals gather
Kill the traitor and fire without delay